(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time to take a look
at my solution for this challenge exercise.
I impacted four files when I created this solution.
So in my index.html static page,
I added an anchor to go to our guests page.
I then went into the reservations service
and I added a method to list the hotel guests,
and I did it very similar to the way
that we have done it before.
So I got a list of iterable guests,
created an array list from that,
and then sorted those guests based on their last name,
and then returned that guest list to the caller.
I then created a guest controller
and the guest controller responds and slash guests.
It has a reservation service injected into it.
It then has a get method with a get guests method signature
that also takes in a model,
and I simply populate the guests
with the call from the reservation service.
Now you'll notice that I return hotel hyphen guests.
If you return just guests here,
you may get a circular reference,
and some of you may have struggled with that,
and I didn't tell you
because I wanted you to fight through it,
because it's one of those things
that you will remember down the road,
having experienced it once.
But if you didn't experience it,
then most likely you didn't name your request URL the same
as your response page itself.
So now let's go into that page.
So I imported Thymeleaf.
I called this "Landon Hotel: Guests" as the title.
I created all of the elements from the requirements,
simply from an iteration across guests.
So now it's time to run our application
and we'll jump into a web browser,
and I'm going to go ahead and refresh this page.
You'll see that I have room reservations,
which still functionally works.
I have guests that are now sorted by last name
and it goes through the entire list.
And that's how I solved this challenge
on building web pages.